hello I got a hand sharp-shinned here
that friend of mine wanted me to show
how I trained it so I'm doing a little
training with this bird this bird is
about a year old and I trapped it a few
weeks ago it's still juvenile has all
its brown feathers steel it hasn't got
into adult plumage yet so I've been
training it for about three weeks or so
and letting it go on back starlings and
today I have a backed pigeon for it I'm
going to see what it does it
automatically US bird is but they're
good at taking them down when they're
trained on them well so we're going to
throw one out for today we're just going
to have one tied up out there for and
let her fly 25 30 yards out there and
see how she does on to see how she
reacts to it if not if she doesn't work
on that real well we'll I got a back
Starling will throw out for it we'll get
some video either way for you
okay we got a pigeon out there I
probably eat there in the camera I'm
gonna go ahead and take your hood off
and see where we're at
all right well White's a new color for
so she's not showing real interest in it
yet so we're going to grab the pigeon
we're going to bring back and we're
going to throw it out for and see if
she'll do work that way